CWE-203: Observable Discrepancy: The product behaves differently or sends different responses under different circumstances in a way that is observable to an unauthorized actor, which exposes security-relevant information about the state of the product, such as whether a particular operation was successful or not.
CWE-226: Sensitive Information in Resource Not Removed Before Reuse: The product releases a resource such as memory or a file so that it can be made available for reuse, but it does not clear or zeroize the information contained in the resource before the product performs a critical state transition or makes the resource available for reuse by other entities.
CWE-276: Incorrect Default Permissions: During installation, installed file permissions are set to allow anyone to modify those files.
CWE-319: Cleartext Transmission of Sensitive Information: The product transmits sensitive or security-critical data in cleartext in a communication channel that can be sniffed by unauthorized actors.
CWE-325: Missing Cryptographic Step: The product does not implement a required step in a cryptographic algorithm, resulting in weaker encryption than advertised by the algorithm.
CWE-440: Expected Behavior Violation: A feature, API, or function does not perform according to its specification.
CWE-441: Unintended Proxy or Intermediary ('Confused Deputy'): The product receives a request, message, or directive from an upstream component, but the product does not sufficiently preserve the original source of the request before forwarding the request to an external actor that is outside of the product's control sphere. This causes the product to appear to be the source of the request, leading it to act as a proxy or other intermediary between the upstream component and the external actor.
CWE-1053: Missing Documentation for Design: The product does not have documentation that represents how it is designed.
CWE-1059: Insufficient Technical Documentation: The product does not contain sufficient technical or engineering documentation (whether on paper or in electronic form) that contains descriptions of all the relevant software/hardware elements of the product, such as its usage, structure, architectural components, interfaces, design, implementation, configuration, operation, etc.
CWE-1189: Improper Isolation of Shared Resources on System-on-a-Chip (SoC): The System-On-a-Chip (SoC) does not properly isolate shared resources between trusted and untrusted agents.
CWE-1190: DMA Device Enabled Too Early in Boot Phase: The product enables a Direct Memory Access (DMA) capable device before the security configuration settings are established, which allows an attacker to extract data from or gain privileges on the product.
CWE-1191: On-Chip Debug and Test Interface With Improper Access Control: The chip does not implement or does not correctly perform access control to check whether users are authorized to access internal registers and test modes through the physical debug/test interface.
CWE-1192: Improper Identifier for IP Block used in System-On-Chip (SOC): The System-on-Chip (SoC) does not have unique, immutable identifiers for each of its components.
CWE-1193: Power-On of Untrusted Execution Core Before Enabling Fabric Access Control: The product enables components that contain untrusted firmware before memory and fabric access controls have been enabled.
CWE-1209: Failure to Disable Reserved Bits: The reserved bits in a hardware design are not disabled prior to production. Typically, reserved bits are used for future capabilities and should not support any functional logic in the design. However, designers might covertly use these bits to debug or further develop new capabilities in production hardware. Adversaries with access to these bits will write to them in hopes of compromising hardware state.
CWE-1220: Insufficient Granularity of Access Control: The product implements access controls via a policy or other feature with the intention to disable or restrict accesses (reads and/or writes) to assets in a system from untrusted agents. However, implemented access controls lack required granularity, which renders the control policy too broad because it allows accesses from unauthorized agents to the security-sensitive assets.
CWE-1221: Incorrect Register Defaults or Module Parameters: Hardware description language code incorrectly defines register defaults or hardware Intellectual Property (IP) parameters to insecure values.
CWE-1223: Race Condition for Write-Once Attributes: A write-once register in hardware design is programmable by an untrusted software component earlier than the trusted software component, resulting in a race condition issue.
CWE-1224: Improper Restriction of Write-Once Bit Fields: The hardware design control register sticky bits or write-once bit fields are improperly implemented, such that they can be reprogrammed by software.
CWE-1231: Improper Prevention of Lock Bit Modification: The product uses a trusted lock bit for restricting access to registers, address regions, or other resources, but the product does not prevent the value of the lock bit from being modified after it has been set.
CWE-1232: Improper Lock Behavior After Power State Transition: Register lock bit protection disables changes to system configuration once the bit is set. Some of the protected registers or lock bits become programmable after power state transitions (e.g., Entry and wake from low power sleep modes) causing the system configuration to be changeable.
CWE-1233: Security-Sensitive Hardware Controls with Missing Lock Bit Protection: The product uses a register lock bit protection mechanism, but it does not ensure that the lock bit prevents modification of system registers or controls that perform changes to important hardware system configuration.
CWE-1234: Hardware Internal or Debug Modes Allow Override of Locks: System configuration protection may be bypassed during debug mode.
CWE-1240: Use of a Cryptographic Primitive with a Risky Implementation: To fulfill the need for a cryptographic primitive, the product implements a cryptographic algorithm using a non-standard, unproven, or disallowed/non-compliant cryptographic implementation.
CWE-1241: Use of Predictable Algorithm in Random Number Generator: The device uses an algorithm that is predictable and generates a pseudo-random number.
CWE-1242: Inclusion of Undocumented Features or Chicken Bits: The device includes chicken bits or undocumented features that can create entry points for unauthorized actors.
CWE-1243: Sensitive Non-Volatile Information Not Protected During Debug: Access to security-sensitive information stored in fuses is not limited during debug.
CWE-1244: Internal Asset Exposed to Unsafe Debug Access Level or State: The product uses physical debug or test interfaces with support for multiple access levels, but it assigns the wrong debug access level to an internal asset, providing unintended access to the asset from untrusted debug agents.
CWE-1245: Improper Finite State Machines (FSMs) in Hardware Logic: Faulty finite state machines (FSMs) in the hardware logic allow an attacker to put the system in an undefined state, to cause a denial of service (DoS) or gain privileges on the victim's system.
CWE-1246: Improper Write Handling in Limited-write Non-Volatile Memories: The product does not implement or incorrectly implements wear leveling operations in limited-write non-volatile memories.
CWE-1247: Improper Protection Against Voltage and Clock Glitches: The device does not contain or contains incorrectly implemented circuitry or sensors to detect and mitigate voltage and clock glitches and protect sensitive information or software contained on the device.
CWE-1248: Semiconductor Defects in Hardware Logic with Security-Sensitive Implications: The security-sensitive hardware module contains semiconductor defects.
CWE-1250: Improper Preservation of Consistency Between Independent Representations of Shared State: The product has or supports multiple distributed components or sub-systems that are each required to keep their own local copy of shared data - such as state or cache - but the product does not ensure that all local copies remain consistent with each other.
CWE-1251: Mirrored Regions with Different Values: The product's architecture mirrors regions without ensuring that their contents always stay in sync.
CWE-1252: CPU Hardware Not Configured to Support Exclusivity of Write and Execute Operations: The CPU is not configured to provide hardware support for exclusivity of write and execute operations on memory. This allows an attacker to execute data from all of memory.
CWE-1253: Incorrect Selection of Fuse Values: The logic level used to set a system to a secure state relies on a fuse being unblown. An attacker can set the system to an insecure state merely by blowing the fuse.
CWE-1254: Incorrect Comparison Logic Granularity: The product's comparison logic is performed over a series of steps rather than across the entire string in one operation. If there is a comparison logic failure on one of these steps, the operation may be vulnerable to a timing attack that can result in the interception of the process for nefarious purposes.
CWE-1256: Improper Restriction of Software Interfaces to Hardware Features: The product provides software-controllable device functionality for capabilities such as power and clock management, but it does not properly limit functionality that can lead to modification of hardware memory or register bits, or the ability to observe physical side channels.
CWE-1257: Improper Access Control Applied to Mirrored or Aliased Memory Regions: Aliased or mirrored memory regions in hardware designs may have inconsistent read/write permissions enforced by the hardware. A possible result is that an untrusted agent is blocked from accessing a memory region but is not blocked from accessing the corresponding aliased memory region.
CWE-1258: Exposure of Sensitive System Information Due to Uncleared Debug Information: The hardware does not fully clear security-sensitive values, such as keys and intermediate values in cryptographic operations, when debug mode is entered.
CWE-1259: Improper Restriction of Security Token Assignment: The System-On-A-Chip (SoC) implements a Security Token mechanism to differentiate what actions are allowed or disallowed when a transaction originates from an entity. However, the Security Tokens are improperly protected.
CWE-1260: Improper Handling of Overlap Between Protected Memory Ranges: The product allows address regions to overlap, which can result in the bypassing of intended memory protection.
CWE-1261: Improper Handling of Single Event Upsets: The hardware logic does not effectively handle when single-event upsets (SEUs) occur.
CWE-1262: Improper Access Control for Register Interface: The product uses memory-mapped I/O registers that act as an interface to hardware functionality from software, but there is improper access control to those registers.
CWE-1263: Improper Physical Access Control: The product is designed with access restricted to certain information, but it does not sufficiently protect against an unauthorized actor with physical access to these areas.
CWE-1264: Hardware Logic with Insecure De-Synchronization between Control and Data Channels: The hardware logic for error handling and security checks can incorrectly forward data before the security check is complete.
CWE-1266: Improper Scrubbing of Sensitive Data from Decommissioned Device: The product does not properly provide a capability for the product administrator to remove sensitive data at the time the product is decommissioned. A scrubbing capability could be missing, insufficient, or incorrect.
CWE-1267: Policy Uses Obsolete Encoding: The product uses an obsolete encoding mechanism to implement access controls.
CWE-1268: Policy Privileges are not Assigned Consistently Between Control and Data Agents: The product's hardware-enforced access control for a particular resource improperly accounts for privilege discrepancies between control and write policies.
CWE-1269: Product Released in Non-Release Configuration: The product released to market is released in pre-production or manufacturing configuration.
CWE-1270: Generation of Incorrect Security Tokens: The product implements a Security Token mechanism to differentiate what actions are allowed or disallowed when a transaction originates from an entity. However, the Security Tokens generated in the system are incorrect.
CWE-1271: Uninitialized Value on Reset for Registers Holding Security Settings: Security-critical logic is not set to a known value on reset.
CWE-1272: Sensitive Information Uncleared Before Debug/Power State Transition: The product performs a power or debug state transition, but it does not clear sensitive information that should no longer be accessible due to changes to information access restrictions.
CWE-1273: Device Unlock Credential Sharing: The credentials necessary for unlocking a device are shared across multiple parties and may expose sensitive information.
CWE-1274: Improper Access Control for Volatile Memory Containing Boot Code: The product conducts a secure-boot process that transfers bootloader code from Non-Volatile Memory (NVM) into Volatile Memory (VM), but it does not have sufficient access control or other protections for the Volatile Memory.
CWE-1276: Hardware Child Block Incorrectly Connected to Parent System: Signals between a hardware IP and the parent system design are incorrectly connected causing security risks.
CWE-1277: Firmware Not Updateable: The product does not provide its users with the ability to update or patch its firmware to address any vulnerabilities or weaknesses that may be present.
CWE-1278: Missing Protection Against Hardware Reverse Engineering Using Integrated Circuit (IC) Imaging Techniques: Information stored in hardware may be recovered by an attacker with the capability to capture and analyze images of the integrated circuit using techniques such as scanning electron microscopy.
CWE-1279: Cryptographic Operations are run Before Supporting Units are Ready: Performing cryptographic operations without ensuring that the supporting inputs are ready to supply valid data may compromise the cryptographic result.
CWE-1280: Access Control Check Implemented After Asset is Accessed: A product's hardware-based access control check occurs after the asset has been accessed.
CWE-1281: Sequence of Processor Instructions Leads to Unexpected Behavior: Specific combinations of processor instructions lead to undesirable behavior such as locking the processor until a hard reset performed.
CWE-1282: Assumed-Immutable Data is Stored in Writable Memory: Immutable data, such as a first-stage bootloader, device identifiers, and write-once configuration settings are stored in writable memory that can be re-programmed or updated in the field.
CWE-1283: Mutable Attestation or Measurement Reporting Data: The register contents used for attestation or measurement reporting data to verify boot flow are modifiable by an adversary.
CWE-1290: Incorrect Decoding of Security Identifiers : The product implements a decoding mechanism to decode certain bus-transaction signals to security identifiers. If the decoding is implemented incorrectly, then untrusted agents can now gain unauthorized access to the asset.
CWE-1291: Public Key Re-Use for Signing both Debug and Production Code: The same public key is used for signing both debug and production code.
CWE-1292: Incorrect Conversion of Security Identifiers: The product implements a conversion mechanism to map certain bus-transaction signals to security identifiers. However, if the conversion is incorrectly implemented, untrusted agents can gain unauthorized access to the asset.
CWE-1294: Insecure Security Identifier Mechanism: The System-on-Chip (SoC) implements a Security Identifier mechanism to differentiate what actions are allowed or disallowed when a transaction originates from an entity. However, the Security Identifiers are not correctly implemented.
CWE-1295: Debug Messages Revealing Unnecessary Information: The product fails to adequately prevent the revealing of unnecessary and potentially sensitive system information within debugging messages.
CWE-1296: Incorrect Chaining or Granularity of Debug Components: The product's debug components contain incorrect chaining or granularity of debug components.
CWE-1297: Unprotected Confidential Information on Device is Accessible by OSAT Vendors: The product does not adequately protect confidential information on the device from being accessed by Outsourced Semiconductor Assembly and Test (OSAT) vendors.
CWE-1298: Hardware Logic Contains Race Conditions: A race condition in the hardware logic results in undermining security guarantees of the system.
CWE-1299: Missing Protection Mechanism for Alternate Hardware Interface: The lack of protections on alternate paths to access control-protected assets (such as unprotected shadow registers and other external facing unguarded interfaces) allows an attacker to bypass existing protections to the asset that are only performed against the primary path.
CWE-1300: Improper Protection of Physical Side Channels: The device does not contain sufficient protection mechanisms to prevent physical side channels from exposing sensitive information due to patterns in physically observable phenomena such as variations in power consumption, electromagnetic emissions (EME), or acoustic emissions.
CWE-1301: Insufficient or Incomplete Data Removal within Hardware Component: The product's data removal process does not completely delete all data and potentially sensitive information within hardware components.
CWE-1302: Missing Source Identifier in Entity Transactions on a System-On-Chip (SOC): The product implements a security identifier mechanism to differentiate what actions are allowed or disallowed when a transaction originates from an entity. A transaction is sent without a security identifier.
CWE-1303: Non-Transparent Sharing of Microarchitectural Resources: Hardware structures shared across execution contexts (e.g., caches and branch predictors) can violate the expected architecture isolation between contexts.
CWE-1304: Improperly Preserved Integrity of Hardware Configuration State During a Power Save/Restore Operation: The product performs a power save/restore operation, but it does not ensure that the integrity of the configuration state is maintained and/or verified between the beginning and ending of the operation.
CWE-1310: Missing Ability to Patch ROM Code: Missing an ability to patch ROM code may leave a System or System-on-Chip (SoC) in a vulnerable state.
CWE-1311: Improper Translation of Security Attributes by Fabric Bridge: The bridge incorrectly translates security attributes from either trusted to untrusted or from untrusted to trusted when converting from one fabric protocol to another.
CWE-1312: Missing Protection for Mirrored Regions in On-Chip Fabric Firewall: The firewall in an on-chip fabric protects the main addressed region, but it does not protect any mirrored memory or memory-mapped-IO (MMIO) regions.
CWE-1313: Hardware Allows Activation of Test or Debug Logic at Runtime: During runtime, the hardware allows for test or debug logic (feature) to be activated, which allows for changing the state of the hardware. This feature can alter the intended behavior of the system and allow for alteration and leakage of sensitive data by an adversary.
CWE-1314: Missing Write Protection for Parametric Data Values: The device does not write-protect the parametric data values for sensors that scale the sensor value, allowing untrusted software to manipulate the apparent result and potentially damage hardware or cause operational failure.
CWE-1315: Improper Setting of Bus Controlling Capability in Fabric End-point: The bus controller enables bits in the fabric end-point to allow responder devices to control transactions on the fabric.
CWE-1316: Fabric-Address Map Allows Programming of Unwarranted Overlaps of Protected and Unprotected Ranges: The address map of the on-chip fabric has protected and unprotected regions overlapping, allowing an attacker to bypass access control to the overlapping portion of the protected region.
CWE-1317: Improper Access Control in Fabric Bridge: The product uses a fabric bridge for transactions between two Intellectual Property (IP) blocks, but the bridge does not properly perform the expected privilege, identity, or other access control checks between those IP blocks.
CWE-1318: Missing Support for Security Features in On-chip Fabrics or Buses: On-chip fabrics or buses either do not support or are not configured to support privilege separation or other security features, such as access control.
CWE-1319: Improper Protection against Electromagnetic Fault Injection (EM-FI): The device is susceptible to electromagnetic fault injection attacks, causing device internal information to be compromised or security mechanisms to be bypassed.
CWE-1320: Improper Protection for Outbound Error Messages and Alert Signals: Untrusted agents can disable alerts about signal conditions exceeding limits or the response mechanism that handles such alerts.
CWE-1323: Improper Management of Sensitive Trace Data: Trace data collected from several sources on the System-on-Chip (SoC) is stored in unprotected locations or transported to untrusted agents.
CWE-1326: Missing Immutable Root of Trust in Hardware: A missing immutable root of trust in the hardware results in the ability to bypass secure boot or execute untrusted or adversarial boot code.
CWE-1328: Security Version Number Mutable to Older Versions: Security-version number in hardware is mutable, resulting in the ability to downgrade (roll-back) the boot firmware to vulnerable code versions.
CWE-1329: Reliance on Component That is Not Updateable: The product contains a component that cannot be updated or patched in order to remove vulnerabilities or significant bugs.
CWE-1331: Improper Isolation of Shared Resources in Network On Chip (NoC): The Network On Chip (NoC) does not isolate or incorrectly isolates its on-chip-fabric and internal resources such that they are shared between trusted and untrusted agents, creating timing channels.
CWE-1332: Improper Handling of Faults that Lead to Instruction Skips: The device is missing or incorrectly implements circuitry or sensors that detect and mitigate the skipping of security-critical CPU instructions when they occur.
CWE-1334: Unauthorized Error Injection Can Degrade Hardware Redundancy: An unauthorized agent can inject errors into a redundant block to deprive the system of redundancy or put the system in a degraded operating mode.
CWE-1338: Improper Protections Against Hardware Overheating: A hardware device is missing or has inadequate protection features to prevent overheating.
CWE-1342: Information Exposure through Microarchitectural State after Transient Execution: The processor does not properly clear microarchitectural state after incorrect microcode assists or speculative execution, resulting in transient execution.
CWE-1351: Improper Handling of Hardware Behavior in Exceptionally Cold Environments: A hardware device, or the firmware running on it, is missing or has incorrect protection features to maintain goals of security primitives when the device is cooled below standard operating temperatures.
CWE-1357: Reliance on Insufficiently Trustworthy Component: The product is built from multiple separate components, but it uses a component that is not sufficiently trusted to meet expectations for security, reliability, updateability, and maintainability.
CWE-1384: Improper Handling of Physical or Environmental Conditions: The product does not properly handle unexpected physical or environmental conditions that occur naturally or are artificially induced.
CWE-1420: Exposure of Sensitive Information during Transient Execution: A processor event or prediction may allow incorrect operations (or correct operations with incorrect data) to execute transiently, potentially exposing data over a covert channel.
CWE-1421: Exposure of Sensitive Information in Shared Microarchitectural Structures during Transient Execution: A processor event may allow transient operations to access architecturally restricted data (for example, in another address space) in a shared microarchitectural structure (for example, a CPU cache), potentially exposing the data over a covert channel.
CWE-1422: Exposure of Sensitive Information caused by Incorrect Data Forwarding during Transient Execution: A processor event or prediction may allow incorrect or stale data to be forwarded to transient operations, potentially exposing data over a covert channel.
CWE-1423: Exposure of Sensitive Information caused by Shared Microarchitectural Predictor State that Influences Transient Execution: Shared microarchitectural predictor state may allow code to influence transient execution across a hardware boundary, potentially exposing data that is accessible beyond the boundary over a covert channel.
CWE-1429: Missing Security-Relevant Feedback for Unexecuted Operations in Hardware Interface: The product has a hardware interface that silently discards operations in situations for which feedback would be security-relevant, such as the timely detection of failures or attacks.
CWE-1431: Driving Intermediate Cryptographic State/Results to Hardware Module Outputs: The product uses a hardware module implementing a cryptographic algorithm that writes sensitive information about the intermediate state or results of its cryptographic operations via one of its output wires (typically the output port containing the final result).
